---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
![Head Shot][]

I am Daniel Birket, a software engineer gone gray helping [Glenn
Birket][GB], [Steve Birket][SB] and
[Birket Engineering][BE] to create control systems for safety-related
applications for theme-park attractions and entertainment venues
world-wide. If you have visited a popular theme-park and rode
the rides, there is an excellent chance that one of our control
systems helped to ensure your safety.

I’m neither a “front-end” nor “back-end” developer but an embedded
system software engineer. The first production software I wrote
controlled a bank of commercial-scale air-conditioning units. I have
written the software embedded in military devices, telephone-company
equipment, astronomical telescopes, commercial security systems,
energy-management systems, track-switches, high-speed braking systems,
gas flame systems and many roller-coasters. I’ve never written
anything that launched into space, but my software has parachuted into
battle.

I, my wife and our three grown children live and work in central
Florida, USA, near the popular Disney World and Universal Studios
theme parks - at least when I'm not on assignment at a theme-park
somewhere else in the world. Twenty-five years ago, before I joined
the world's small community of theme-park engineers, I, like my
father, worked in central Florida's original preeminent industry:
aerospace. Today, if you know where to look, you can still see the
once-secluded [Lockheed-Martin][LM] cold-war-era aerospace complex
through the trees from one of the many tourist attractions that grew
up around it.

  [Head Shot]: Daniel-Birket-Head.jpg
  [GB]: http://www.birket.com/2018/10/glenn-birket-receives-tea-masters-award/%20%22TEA%20Masters%20Award%22
  [SB]: http://www.inparkmagazine.com/birket-tea-president-elect/
  [BE]: http://www.birket.com
  [LM]: https://goo.gl/maps/sX3J8D7q2422%20%22Map%22
